hi this videos a little lightly
different from the usual videos just the
layout actually because it's gonna be a
stock through video okay just because I
start by talking through you this in
this video I'm gonna show you a super
easy and super quick smokey eyes
tutorial just like that and this is
gonna be perfect for all sorts of
beginners you can wear to prom you can
wear it here
Easter service you can wear to whatever
event that is coming up and you just
want to lam it up a little bit it's
quick and easy and Halloween and like 3
4 max 5 product believe it or not
so we're gonna start with an eyeshadow
primer you got a little too much of it
so you want to play a tiny little bit of
eyeshadow primer to make sure that your
eyeshadow will look fresh without any
creasing or smudging you can even get a
little bit right underneath your lash
line now you can choose a dark shimmery
eyeshadow of your choice I'm gonna take
this shimmer cubes by bodyshop the
darkest color in there it just happens
to be this beautiful shimmery plummy
dark black Brown some color this is
gonna be really easy all you do is Pat
on the eyeshadow right on to your eyelid
just like that it doesn't have to be
neat at this point just get it all over
your eyelid you go as easy as that the
only thing you have to remember is to
keep the eyeshadow underneath your
crease don't go all overboard thinking
you're gonna look sexier and that is
your crease line and stop just it now
look up and get a little bit of
eyeshadow just underneath your eyes as
well on your lower lash line now with a
fluffy blending brush take your favorite
transition color might happen to be this
dark brown applied to the edges of that
dark eyeshadow you really can choose
whatever dark color you want you can
choose your dark color to match the
color of your dress and then move your
brush in windshield wiper motion and
what this is gonna do is just blend your
colors together make it look Purdy you
can even apply a little bit of the brown
on your lower lash line now do the same
brush into a beige color
I prefer Matt's for my highlight but you
can choose whatever you want really it's
up to you and applied a right underneath
your brow bone and applied to your inner
corners right
now with this angled eyeshadow brush dip
it into a little bit of black eyeshadow
we're gonna line our eyes a lot of fall
out there okay okay
while doing smoky eyes I don't really
like to use a liquid eyeliner because I
feel this is too rigid and too harsh and
then take a blending brush just soften
up those edges there's a clean blending
brush and is driving it at the edges of
the black eyeshadow just to smoke it out
and smile or make a buck off birthday
like that I'm gonna give my favorite
black pencil line my waterline and then
to finish it all off use a little bit of
mascara just like that yeah so actually
our eyes are done because I've already
got my eyebrows on and I've done a
separate tutorial on my eyebrows now I'm
gonna clean up this mess that happen
right here let me zoom it out because
our eyes are done do you like it so this
is a smoky edge that you can wear I'm
gonna take my concealers with the la
girl concealer and then I'm just gonna
okay a little concealer underneath my
eye area and then I'm gonna take a
fluffy so now I'm gonna take a fluffy
eyeshadow brush and just blend out all
of that concealer
I'm gonna play just a little bit of
concealer right at the center of my
forehead as well to the center of my
chin and to the bridge of my nose just
like that that looks funny yet and I
give you the same fluffy brush to just
just blend it in using a fluffy brush to
blend in here consider actually gives
you a very airbrushed soft finish you
know as opposed to using your finger to
blend your concealer and as for my blush
I'm gonna take a little bit of pink
blush it's a bit fatter steps and go
right into your cheek and drag it all
the way up to your temples just like
that gives you a very glowy see you know
for my lips I'm gonna take my favorite
electric and so that was the tutorial I
hope you enjoyed it
I mean easier it smokey eyes dog okay so
I shall see you later